Canary Analysis with Dynatrace + Metric Filters (#10332)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/verify/shared/risk-profile.md

#### Map service instance identifier

:::note

> The **Map service instance identifier** (SSI) section is only visible if you have selected **Continuous Verification (Applied to the pipelines in the Continuous Deployment**) in the **Assign** section.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Map service instance identifier** (SII) section is only visible if you have selected **Continuous Verification (Applied to the pipelines in the Continuous Deployment**) in the **Assign** section.
```

:::

In **Service Instance Identifier (only needed for CV)**, specify the service instance identifier, which represents a dynamically created service that you deploy using Harness. The default value is `_sourceHost`.

> When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SSI is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 

Author: ```suggestion
When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SII is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 
```

> When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SII is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 

Reviewer: The correct words for "When doing canary deployments, ensure that the ~ ~SII is mapped to the canary~ ~ SII can be used to identify the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly."

> When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SSI is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 

Author: ```suggestion
When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SII is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 
```

> When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SII is mapped to the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly. 

Author: ```suggestion
When doing canary deployments, ensure that the SII can be used to identify the canary instance of the service, or CV will not work properly."
```
